Three dimension acoustic equation
===
The repo is calculating the acoustic spreading. The formula is 
[here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acoustic_wave_equation#Equation_2).
As I am calculation the seismic wave transferring, there is a source giving 
the sound periodically. We need to add another parameter `A`, the amplitude 
of the sound at time t.

Parameter meaning
===
When you reduce the formula, you need to following parameters:

- c: the velocity model, for simplicity, we use the even velocity, here, 
  3000m/s
- dx: delta x, each step the wave move forward. Here is 200m
- dt: the interval to catch the acoustic wave. Here is 0.002s
- A: frequency of the wave. We can obtain it from riker wavelet equation.

To cover most of the wave, you have to keep simulating for more than 33 
iteration. Though in the real word, 2000 iteration is enough. For for 
testing and simulation, 200 is enough.

Dependancy
===
It need the repo of my previous written 
[stencil](https://github.com/copico/stencil).

Use CPU to Perform the Calculation
===

It use cpu the perform the calculation. It is used as a benchmark and
generate a correct result for the further use.

Formula
===

Given that `P` is a volumn, `dt` is the time interval, `dx` is the space
interval, `c` is the velocity, `f` is the frequency. `P_t` is the volumn at
time `t`. What you need to calculate is

    P_t+1 = (dt)^2 * ((c^2 / (dx)^2) * stencil(P_t) + f) + 2*P_t - P_t-1

where

- `t` is from 0, and increase by `dt` = 0.002.
- The content of `P_0` and `P_1` are all 0.
- stencil is the stencil operation for volume `P_t`
- the meaning of other parameters is describe in the upper directory
  README.
